README.md, before:

# Unofficial Claude API For Python

## Disclaimer
This library is UNOFFICIAL and you might get banned for using it.

Its also under active development and is extremely unstable, so there are no guarantees it will work for you. If you find a bug or you think it should work in a scenario where it doesn't, file an issue.


## Implemented actions:
The Unofficial Claude API is under active development. The following endpoints are usable in some capacity:

- Getting organizations you're in
- Getting conversations you're in
- Starting a conversation
- Sending a message and receiving a response (can't send files yet)
- Delete a conversation

Note that the api is __**synchronous**__.


## Usage

### Step 1
Install the library using the following:
```
$pip install git+git://github.com/github.com/AshwinPathi/claude.git#egg=claude
```

### Step 2
Get a `sessionKey` from the Claude website. You will need this to start the bot.

### Step 1
Use the bot.
```py
from claude_impl import ClaudeAPI

session_key = ...

api = ClaudeAPI(session_key)

# Get a list of organizations you're in.
organizations = api.get_organizations()

# Get a list of conversations that you are in for the first organization.
conversations = api.get_conversations(organization[0])

# Send a message to the first conversation
response = api.send_message('Hi Claude!', conversation = conversation[0])

# Or, you can set the context and all subsequent calls will use that conversation.

api.switch_conversation_context(conversations[0])
response = api.send_message('Hi Claude!')
response = api.send_message('How are you doing today?')
```

Commit message:

Example, new readme, refactor backend

README.md, after:

# Unofficial Claude API For Python

The UNOFFICIAL free API for Anthropic's Claude LLM.

## Implemented actions:
The Unofficial Claude API is under active development. The following endpoints are usable in some capacity:

- Getting organizations you're in
- Getting conversations you're in
- Starting a conversation
- Sending a message and receiving a response (can't send files yet)
- Delete a conversation

Note that the api is __**synchronous**__.


## Usage

### Step 1
Install the library using the following:
```
pip install git+git://github.com/github.com/AshwinPathi/claude.git#egg=claude
```

### Step 2
Get a `sessionKey` from the Claude website. You will need this to start the bot. Ideally also have a user agent of the computer you use to access claude.

### Step 3
Use the bot. You can see an example at `example.py`.


## Disclaimer
This library is UNOFFICIAL and you might get banned for using it. I am not responsible if your account gets banned. If you would like to use the actual API, go to the [anthropic website](https://docs.anthropic.com/claude/docs).

Its also under active development and is extremely unstable, so there are no guarantees it will work for you. If you find a bug or you think it should work in a scenario where it doesn't, file an issue.
